# Hoshen-Stones
Gemstone lenses can be used to control voltage and resistance. Gemstone lenses can be rotated to dial in voltage and resistance for extremely high currents without burning out. Gemstone lenses have very little interference or friction for electron travel and do not get hot. Components in electronics do not burn out because of Current. Components burn out because resistance in their circuits generates friction in electrons and their pathways.  Volts=Current(amps)*Resistance(Ohms)  Watts/Volts=Current(Amps)  Flux is the ability of a capacitor to pass electrons without the electron coming into contact with another electron or surface friction from the component. Flux is the ability to distort the path of an electron so that it arrives at the other end at a controlled rate. Current resistors create a bottleneck to slow down electron flow. Bottlenecks create pressure, friction, and heat. Gemstone capacitors bend the path of an electron with a lens so that the electrons must follow a longer path to reach their destination. This elongated path also acts as a buffer to contain electrons on this elongated path. This type of resistor acts as a capacitor.  Time crystals:  If a crystal elongates the path of an electron. Time is literally dilated for an electron within this path. An electron could travel for 1 hour in a crystal and from the outside of the crystal, we would see it only 1 second after pressing a switch.

## Aperture

Aperture is the diameter of the input. A larger aperture allows for higher output with higher quality resolution. A higher aperture requires a clearer, denser crystal.

## Focal Length

A larger focal length allows more electrons to pass through the lens. Harder to use the lens without heating crystal. Meant for clearer, less-dense, or cracked crystals. Less focal length allows for sending of very specific transmissions of data. The goal of the focal length is to achieve the highest throughput at the most accurate focus.

## Depth of Field

Depth of field is used to adjust the diameter or area of the output. Depth of field can be used to output to larger or small gauge components.

## Converging and Diverging Lenses

Converging lenses condense the signal. Diverging Lenses Expand the signal. Dense crystals must be used to condense signals. Signal expansion is dangerous as the signal is made into an analogue signal by the geometric lattice structure of the crystal. Sawtooth analogue waves create friction and combustion heat in contact with common materials. Signal expanding using crystal creates analogue waves which tear through materials like gamma rays. Water, saline, and frozen hydrogen can be used as diverging lenses.

## Friction and Heat
In traditional resistors, heat is generated by friction of atoms moving through bottlenecks. In crystal resistors, heat is generated by noise within the signal. When waves collide with each other from noise, friction and heat is created. When Noisy signals are focused onto smaller field depths, the heat of the entire signal is condensed into a smaller area. High-clarity, high-density crystals are useful to reduce heat when building quality circuits.



## Photovolatic Cells

## Vacuum Circuits

## Power over Fiber

## Remote Signal/Power Buffering

### Remote Buffering by Fragmented Crystal

### Remote Buffering by Seperated Double Latch Gate Pair Method
